README.md, before:

# Super Flat Solarized #

a Flat Theme based and forked from [Super Flat theme][super-flat-repo] by [Daniel Ruiz de Alegría][daniel].

this is a [Solarized][solarized] version of original theme in both dark and light color sets. see its [Site][site]. also it's good idea to see the [Screenshots]

feel free to feedback and fork.

[super-flat-repo]: https://github.com/daniruiz/Super-Flat-Remix-GNOME-theme
[daniel]: https://github.com/daniruiz
[solarized]: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[site]: http://mamins1376.github.io/Super-Flat-Solarized
[Screenshots]: http://mamins1376.github.io/Super-Flat-Solarized/screenshots.html

## How can i install it? ##
first, download the zip file and extract it, or clone repo using this:
```
git clone 'https://github.com/mamins1376/Super-Flat-Solarized.git'
```
and then, install it using `make`:
```
sudo make install
```

## It sucks! how should i remove it from my system? ##
Well! you can complately remove it  by following `make` command:
```
sudo make uninstall
```
please tell me the reason why you removed this ;)

Commit message:

add a easy way to set and reset the theme

README.md, after:

# Super Flat Solarized #

a Flat Theme based and forked from [Super Flat theme][super-flat-repo] by [Daniel Ruiz de Alegría][daniel].

this is a [Solarized][solarized] version of original theme in both dark and light color sets. see its [Site][site]. also it's good idea to see the [Screenshots]

feel free to feedback and fork.

[super-flat-repo]: https://github.com/daniruiz/Super-Flat-Remix-GNOME-theme
[daniel]: https://github.com/daniruiz
[solarized]: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[site]: http://mamins1376.github.io/Super-Flat-Solarized
[Screenshots]: http://mamins1376.github.io/Super-Flat-Solarized/screenshots.html

## How can i install it? ##
first, download the zip file and extract it, or clone repo using this:
```
git clone 'https://github.com/mamins1376/Super-Flat-Solarized.git'
```
install it using `make`:
```
sudo make install
```
finally set GNOME Shell theme:
```
make apply-dark # for Super Flat Solarized Dark
make apply-light # for Super Flat Solarized Light
```

## It sucks! how should i remove it from my system? ##
Well! you can complately remove it  by following `make` command, after telling  me the reason :D
```
sudo make uninstall
```
